NAME
       gcloud-components-update - Ensure that the latest version of each
       specified component, and the latest version of all components upon
       which the specified components directly or indirectly depend, is
       installed on the local workstation. If the command includes one or more
       names of components or packages, the specified components are the named
       components and the components contained in the named packages; if the
       command does not name any components or packages, the specified
       components are all installed components.

SYNOPSIS
       gcloud components update
         [COMPONENT-IDS ...]
         [--help]
         [-h]

DESCRIPTION
       Download the lastest version of each listed item, and the latest
       version of all components upon which the listed items directly or
       indirectly depend, if that version is not already installed on the
       local workstation. The items may be individual components or
       preconfigured packages. If a downloaded component was not previously
       installed, the downloaded version is installed. If an earlier version
       of the component was previously installed, that version is replaced by
       the downloaded version.

       If, for example, the component unicorn-factory depends on the component
       horn-factory, installing the latest version of unicorn-factory will
       cause the version of horn-factory upon which it depends to be installed
       as well, if it is not already installed. The command lists all
       components it is about to install, and asks for confirmation before
       proceeding.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
       [COMPONENT-IDS ...]
           The IDs of the components to be updated or installed.

FLAGS
       --help
           Display detailed help.

       -h
           Print a summary help and exit.

EXAMPLES
       The following command ensures that the latest version is installed for
       component-1, component-2, and all components that depend, directly or
       indirectly, on either component-1 or component-2:

           $ gcloud components update component-1 component-2

